memo.md, before:

- use Sink.fold for aggregation in different type, use Sink.reduce for aggregation in same type
- use viaMat to control materialization(output) (#6)
- use async boundary to speed up stream flow calculation - in parallel (#7)
- backpressure protocol in action (faucet / barrel / sink. where faucet is fast/barrel buffer(16 by default) and sink is slow)(#8)
- throttling - to place a kind of slower pn the faucet to slow down the source speed(#8)
- store outputs of two flows in tuples - use GraphDSL/Zip/Broadcast(#9) 
- feed source to two sinks - use Broadcast(#9) 
- 2 sources(1st fast and 2nd slow) feed to 2 sinks with average speed - use Broadcast/Merge/Balance(#9)
- its possible to join multiple sources/sinks into single SourceShape/SinkShape (#10)
- create 1 input out of 3 with Zip (#11) - used in Transaction precessing
- decorate flows and materialize values (#12)
- bidirectional flows BidiShape - use in crypt/decrypt, serial/deserial, encoding/decoding (#13)
- GraphDSL cycles - (#14) - SKIPPED
-

Commit message:

Actors as Source / Flow processor/ Sink

memo.md, after:

- use Sink.fold for aggregation in different type, use Sink.reduce for aggregation in same type
- use viaMat to control materialization(output) (#6)
- use async boundary to speed up stream flow calculation - in parallel (#7)
- backpressure protocol in action (faucet / barrel / sink. where faucet is fast/barrel buffer(16 by default) and sink is slow)(#8)
- throttling - to place a kind of slower pn the faucet to slow down the source speed(#8)
- store outputs of two flows in tuples - use GraphDSL/Zip/Broadcast(#9) 
- feed source to two sinks - use Broadcast(#9) 
- 2 sources(1st fast and 2nd slow) feed to 2 sinks with average speed - use Broadcast/Merge/Balance(#9)
- its possible to join multiple sources/sinks into single SourceShape/SinkShape (#10)
- create 1 input out of 3 with Zip (#11) - used in Transaction precessing
- decorate flows and materialize values (#12)
- bidirectional flows BidiShape - use in crypt/decrypt, serial/deserial, encoding/decoding (#13)
- GraphDSL cycles - (#14) - SKIPPED
- possible to pass Actor into Flow to process values, Actors as sources  (#15)
